oh I don't know if you know this but
this is my level and on my level we do
things my way
like this I'm gonna clear this room
oh no I've got oh damn alright I'm gonna
have to start over
we're gonna have to like I said this is
my level and on my level we do things my
way
duckface didn't dark I was right there
at end yeah are you fucking kidding me
are you fucking kidding me okay my level
damn rusty
there you go me rust bucket McGee I'm
Jack trickshot
whoo now that was close
gotta say I'm here I'm not talking to my
ass right now but that was a close one
and you know that wasn't even close that
was pathetic
damn right pathetic on his part but I'll
take his gun you know in my book that's
all right
oh come on fuckface whoo
gotcha gotta go don't have time for that
shit gotta go buddy go fuck I almost
forgot the trusty dusty fucking guardian
didn't think I'd get one of those this
soon little rusty but you know you know
things getting you know things you
change oh you fucking twat you just have
to do that shit don't you whoa
they know what to do son they know what
to do are you going don't even think
about it this is my corner my level my
rules
fuck please oh I'm coming on Belgians Oh
twat twat twat like you deserve what you
get
whoo whoo whoo there's really only one
thing to do when you're up here that's
plant the Guardian are you what the fuck
well you like that move uh that was cool
oh yes I'm so good I'm just I'm bad with
my big around the trigger look at this
fucking thing I'm gonna smoke them I'm
gonna smoke you I asking you oh hey oh
yeah and you climb up you climb up like
a little twat twat skin twats getting
McGee watch this trick shot oh no I
guess not
where the fuck is we go it's a drag
cotton oh come on give me a fucking
break oh that was too easy
who's too easy give me a little
challenge give me a little challenge in
here come on
come on I would old buck but I'm good
for one or two you want to get a little
challenge that wasn't even a challenge
neither was no lazy snakes you're a
fucking lazy snake you're a you're a
lizard without feet you're a lazy snake
can wet trick chat oh yeah yeah
trickshot
I'm just trick shotting something that
fucking good trick Jack yeah
trickshot ins not as easy as it looks
folks unless you're a trained
professional I recommend you do not
start doing this hi my friends if I take
my match at all oh he just ran up and
I've been a little rusty in whose mother
book it was the first game I played for
a little while
a black ops soup but you know I'm moving
back you know it's like when you leave
the south side you just want to go back
cuz your friends are there you know I
mean except my friends I mean enemies
and my fucking Southside image shotguns
shotgun everybody's got a fucking EMP
everybody's getting EMP you twats come
on
come on let's this fucking thing okay
Kevin Kevin oh god yeah I got you I got
you kill oh yes oh and I got fucking
slayed from behind you're a fucking
pussy
you're a fucking pussy you don't even
know how to play oh where are you going
what do you think you're good you're not
going anywhere
jabroni camera where you going
oh here oh oh oh I didn't even see you
right there Mel look I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna catch up what the fuck was it
I should have had him he's a lazy snake
well where are you now oh you're right
there
come on come on come on total gun come
on fuck face ah ah who the fuck is you
trying to trying to mess with son on the
web get the fuck out here backfire oh I
got us then that oh oh come on oh come
on come in look at me I'm so fucking
good first game back and I'm still
raping fuck trickshot oh whoa whoa watch
this oh and where's the fucking where's
the trickshot won't wanna get him I'm
gonna get him Church yet
oh he drew a bluff self up lazy snake
you lazy fuck oh look at him like out
what's going on first the motherfucker
blows himself up lovely okay he's dead
how look at this look at this I'm like
oh what's going on and look
there's a deer trick and I sure just got
a jerk shot the point of the game is to
win you know everybody wants to win the
foot you know it would have been real
good if we shot that guy the point of
the game is to shoot the other guy that
was my impression of Madden I'm great
I'm great you're welcome you're welcome
other team you suck